MWR stands for morale, recreation, and welfare. That's basically the military's
leisure association, you go in there you can ask them anything
from hiking equipment, camping equipment, maybe they can show you
a place to shoot guns. If you're in a foreign country they can tell
you all the different places around that you can enjoy yourself.
So for instance in San Diego, they told us where Disneyland is, Seaworld,
how to go to Mexico safely, how to go to Las Vegas, all the things
that are around San Diego. They also give you cheaper rates than
civilians can get. So basically if you're in any place that has MWR
that's the first place to go when you want to try to do something
fun out in the community.